Why are you just talking?
Take us for fucking fools
Do you know what Jinghong ship is?
Holding Jinghong ship is like a sword of Shangfang
The king's presence can be cut first and then played
What are you?
You are afraid that even Jin Hongjian
I don't know what it looks like
Flying Lord
Let's not talk to him
Just take him down
Yes, Mr. Flying
Let's not waste time with this impostor
This fake is doomed
Who let him pretend to be our hero?
Flying General
I am the fiancee of the Lord God
Yeah, he was familiar.
He can never be fake
You shut up, you have your say
This kid committed a felony
The judge of Class A is a capital crime
It is the death penalty of Zhu Jiu Clan, you speak for him
It's going to pull our entire Bai family
Are you buried with him?
That's my business.
It has nothing to do with your Bai family
Flying General
What do you want to do with me?